# CS-535 Large-Scale Data Analysis Project 1

This project contains Python scripts to generate mutual page pairs from Wikipedia's large dataset using AWS EMR, package the project files, and upload them to an S3 bucket. The key components of this project are described below:

## Project Files

- **ldap1.py**: This file contains the project's core Python code. It includes the logic required to process data and identify mutual page pairs.

- **entrypoint.py**: This script serves as the entry point for importing and running the `ldap1.py` code. It is designed to set up necessary configurations and execute the main processing functions in `ldap1.py`.

- **result_emr.py**: Runs the code to generate the required output of mutual page pairs. This script is intended to be executed on the EMR cluster, which processes data based on the code in `ldap1.py`.

- **generate_zip.py**: Creates a zip archive (`lsda.zip`) containing all the code and dependencies for the project in the desired destination. This file ensures that all necessary project files are packaged together for easy deployment and portability.

- **upload_zip.py**: Uploads the `lsda.zip` file generated by `generate_zip.py` to a specified S3 bucket. This allows the packaged code to be stored and accessed in AWS S3 for further processing.

## Running the Scripts

Here are the commands to run each script in the cmd:

- **To generate the mutual page pairs**:
  ```bash
  python result_emr.py 
- **To create the zip file (lsda.zip) with all project files**:
  ```bash
  python generate_zip.py
- **To upload the zip file to your S3 bucket**:
  ```bash
  python upload_zip.py
  ```
-> The code execution to generate the mutual page pairs was completed within **1030 seconds**, which is approximately **17 minutes and 10 seconds**.
  

